# Robust Intelligence Terms and Conditions

Last updated: July 21, 2023

## 1. Limited License.

(a) **Robust Intelligence**. Conditioned upon Client’s compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Robust Intelligence
("**RI**") grants Client a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, worldwide right and license during the Term to
install a single copy of Robust Intelligence software (and any Updates
thereto) in Client’s cloud environment, for Client’s internal business
use purposes. For avoidance of doubt, Client may only have one active
Robust Intelligence environment per license purchased. Client may
maintain one active replicated copy and one non-active copy of Robust
Intelligence for archival and contingency purposes only. Any copies
that Client makes are exclusively owned by RI.

(b) **No Dissemination**. Except as expressly provided, the distribution,
disclosure, display, sale, conveyance, use or exploitation of Robust
Intelligence or any portion thereof, regardless of the method of
dissemination, whether now existing or hereafter devised is strictly
prohibited, including the use of Robust Intelligence as a service
bureau (e.g. by which a third party can access Robust Intelligence, or
by which information produced by Robust Intelligence is sold or
provided to a third party through use of any technology, now known or
hereafter devised).

## 2. Support, Updates, Client Requirements.

(a) **Support**. RI will provide remote support via email or telephone
for reproducible incidents reported by designated Client
representatives, during RI’s regular business hours and will use
commercially reasonable efforts to resolve incidents. RI’s ability to
provide support depends upon Client’s compliance with RI’s
instructions including installing all Updates made available to Client
and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of equipment,
software, networks and other requirements identified by RI as
necessary to operate Robust Intelligence. RI might not, despite its
commercially reasonable efforts, be able to resolve incidents when:
(i) Robust Intelligence has been changed or modified (without RI’s
written consent); (ii) an incident is caused by Client’s negligence,
Client or third party’s hardware, software, network or other causes
not attributable to RI or beyond its reasonable control; (iii) Client
fails to comply with its obligations hereunder which would have
prevented or corrected the incident; and (iv) Robust Intelligence has
been used for a purpose other than that for which it is designed or
licensed hereunder.

(b) **Updates**. RI will provide, at no additional charge, standard or
hot fixes, patch releases, bug fixes, changes or additions to Robust
Intelligence or the combination or aggregation of any of the foregoing
that RI, in its discretion, designates as an “update” and generally
provides to its clients without additional charge (“**Update**”). RI
will provide all information needed for Client to install Updates when
RI makes them available for general release. Client’s use of Updates
is subject to this Agreement.

(c) **Enhancements**. RI will make Enhancements available to Client
upon their general release or earlier at RI’s discretion for an
additional charge. “**Enhancement**” means an enhancement or an addition
to Robust Intelligence, other than an Update, that: (i) provides
significantly new functionality not included in Robust Intelligence as
of the date of the Agreement; (ii) is not made available to all RI’s
commercial Clients as part of the standard license; and (iii) is only
made available subject to a payment of a separate charge. Enhancements
will be set forth in an Order Form and shall be subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. Client is not obligated to accept or
implement any Enhancement from RI.

(d) **Client Requirements**. Client shall comply with the minimum
hardware, software and network configurations and obtain licenses from
applicable third-party providers of any of the foregoing as necessary
for its own use, and if applicable, for any use or interface thereof
with or by Robust Intelligence. Client shall run regular backups of
Robust Intelligence and any data used in connection therewith and be
solely responsible for any data recovery. To ensure successful
software deployment, Client shall grant RI write permissions to
specified blob storage bucket(s). Client shall share relevant helm
charts required for software deployment with RI (sensitive information
such as IAM roles and S3 bucket paths may be masked) and permit RI to
log and view events in the deployed software for software health
monitoring purposes. Client has sole responsibility for the accuracy,
quality, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of
Client data used in conjunction with Robust Intelligence. Client will
be responsible for all costs in connection with the foregoing.

(e) **Out of Scope**. This Agreement does not cover products or
services not expressly set forth hereunder, including customizations
or professional services. All such additional services must be
purchased by Client from RI under separate written agreements.

## 3. Payments and Audits.

(a) **Payments**. The license fees (“**Fees**”) will be invoiced and
paid in accordance with the payment schedules and methods set forth in
the Order Form. At the commencement of each renewal of the Agreement,
the Fees may increase to RI’s then prevailing rates. Fees are due
within thirty- (30) days from the date of receipt of invoice unless
otherwise indicated in the Order Form. Client will be charged a
service fee of 1-1/2% per month on all undisputed balances outstanding
more than thirty- (30) days and processing fee of 2.75% for any credit
card payment amounts.

(b) **Audit**. During the Term and for twelve (12) months thereafter,
upon request and reasonable notice, but in no event later than fifteen
(15) days, RI or its representatives shall have the right to audit
Client’s use of Robust Intelligence either electronically or otherwise
to verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Such audit may
include inspection of Client’s records, systems and facilities
(including cloud). Such audit shall take place not more than once
every twelve (12)-month period unless a prior audit reveals a
violation of this Agreement or if RI otherwise has reason to suspect
any violation of this Agreement. If a violation is found, Client shall
promptly bring its use into compliance with this Agreement, bear the
cost of the audit and promptly repay Company all underpaid Fees (if
any) subject to late fees. RI reserves the right to any other remedies
whether under this Agreement or at law or in equity.

## 4. Proprietary Rights and Licenses.

(a) **RI's Proprietary Rights**. Robust Intelligence and any
components thereof consist of original works of authorship originally
created and developed as trade secrets at RI’s expense. As between the
parties, RI owns and retains all right, title and interest in Robust
Intelligence and all IPR therein and thereto. “**IPR**” means
intellectual property rights in and to patents, trademarks, service
marks, trade and service names, copyrights, database rights and design
rights (regardless of registration, and including applications for
registration), know-how, moral rights, trade secrets, confidential and
proprietary information, all rights or forms of protection of a
similar nature or having similar or equivalent effect to any of them
which may subsist anywhere in the world now existing or hereafter
arising.

(b) **Feedback**. RI welcomes ideas, suggestions and feedback related
to RI products and services and any other aspects of RI’s business
(“**Feedback**”). Provision of Feedback is entirely voluntary. If
Client elects to provide such Feedback, it shall and does hereby
assign to RI all title and interest, including IPR in such Feedback
and RI may use it for its business purposes in its discretion and its
own risk without any payment or accounting to Client, but without any
responsibility or liability by Client, provided that Client shall not
knowingly provide to RI Feedback that is (i) in breach of Client’s
confidentiality obligations to third parties, or (ii) infringing third
party IPR. Such Feedback is deemed part of RI’s Confidential
Information and IPR. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
Section ‎‎4(b)‎ grants any ownership rights to RI in any of Client’s
products, services or business.

(c) **Use Restrictions**. Client shall not: (i) create derivative
works from or improvement to Robust Intelligence or any components
thereof; (ii) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decipher,
reconfigure, un-obfuscate, reformat, alter or reproduce, subject to
experimentation or otherwise seek to duplicate the performance
characteristics of Robust Intelligence or any component thereof or
attempt to derive the source code contained therein, (iii) remove or
alter any proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels included in
Robust Intelligence, whether in machine language or human readable
form.

(d) **Reservation of Rights**. All rights not granted hereunder by one
Party to the other are expressly reserved by such party. There are no
implied licenses to any products, services or IPR of a party
hereunder.

## 5. Confidentiality.

(a) **Confidential Information**. “**Confidential Information**” means
any non-public, proprietary information obtained by a party
(“**Receiving Party**”) whether in oral, written, demonstrative, graphic,
electronic, machine readable, or in other tangible or intangible form,
that relates to past, present or future products, services, marketing,
research, development or business activities of the disclosing party
(“**Disclosing Party**”) or its affiliates or their respective employees,
customers or suppliers, including, without limitation, software
(including in the case of RI, Robust Intelligence and any Updates and
Enhancements thereto), APIs, SDKs, databases, data models, AI models,
processes, techniques, methods, methodologies, present and future
inventions, discoveries, developments, trade secrets, formulas, ideas,
concepts, know-how, designs, and information technology, and any
analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by the
Disclosing Party that contain or otherwise reflect such information.

(b) **Standard of Care**. The Receiving Party shall preserve the
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in confidence and
shall maintain, at a minimum, the same precautions and standard of
care that a reasonable person in such business would use to safeguard
Confidential Information of its own and its clients or suppliers.
Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party shall not, without
first obtaining the other Party’s written consent, disclose to any
person, or use for its own benefit, Confidential Information, during
the Term of this Agreement and thereafter.

(c) **Limited Disclosure**. The Receiving Party may disclose
Confidential Information on a need-to-know basis to its authorized
employees, contractors, agents, auditors, counsel and other
representatives performing services for its benefit, solely as
required for it to enjoy the benefits conferred by this Agreement and
for the Parties to perform their respective obligations. All such
Receiving Party’s representatives receiving or having access to
Confidential Information shall be bound by non-disclosure obligations
consistent with this Agreement and the Receiving Party shall be
responsible for any violation by such representatives.

(d) **Security Measures**. Each Party shall maintain commercially
reasonable technical and organizational measures and information
security safeguards to protect Confidential Information from
unauthorized or accidental access, loss, alteration, disclosure,
destruction or use. Upon the Disclosing party’s reasonable request,
the Receiving Party shall provide information regarding the measures
and safeguards it undertakes to maintain Confidential Information in
confidence and any failure thereof or security breach or infringement
related thereto.

(e) **Legal Requirement**. If Confidential Information is required to
be disclosed by law, regulation or court order by either Party, such
disclosure shall be permitted to the extent legally required, provided
that to the extent legally permissible, the Disclosing Party is given
reasonable prior notice by the Receiving Party to enable it to seek a
protective order or confidential treatment prior to such disclosure by
the Receiving Party.

(f) **Scope Limitation**. Confidential Information, does not include
information which: (i) is or becomes generally available to the public
other than as a result of disclosure by the Receiving Party, (ii)
becomes available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis
from a source other than the Disclosing Party who is not bound by a
confidentiality agreement with the Disclosing Party, (iii) was known
to the Receiving Party or in its possession prior to the date of
disclosure by the Disclosing Party, (iv) is furnished by the
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party with written permission to
disclose, or (v) is independently developed by the Receiving Party
without reference to or use of Confidential Information. In addition,
RI may disclose that it is licensing software to Client.

## 6. Representations and Warranties.

(a) **Mutual**. Each Party represents and warrants as to itself that:
(i) it has the authority and all necessary rights, licenses and
approvals to enter into, to grant the rights hereunder and perform the
duties and obligations described herein and the person signing this
Agreement on behalf of each Party has been properly authorized and
empowered to enter into this Agreement, (ii) the performance of its
obligations hereunder does not conflict with any other agreement
either signed or contemplated, and (iii) the performance of its
obligations hereunder shall be in compliance with all applicable laws,
including all applicable US and foreign export laws, rules and
regulations.

(b) **By RI**. RI represents and warrants that (i) to the best of its
knowledge, it has all necessary rights to provide Robust Intelligence
to Client in the format and manner and for the use set forth
hereunder; (ii) it will test with a current version of an appropriate
anti-virus and anti-spyware application any electronic files to be
delivered to Client in an attempt to discover and eliminate any virus
or malware.

## 7. Disclaimers.

Except as expressly provided herein and to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law: (i) RI disclaims any and all
warranties and representations, express or implied, including the
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose or use (whether or not the purpose or use has been disclosed),
warranties of title and non-infringement, any implied indemnification
obligations, or other warranties that arise from trade usage or
custom, with respect to any aspects of Robust Intelligence or any
components thereof or its use in conjunction with Client data or the
output or results obtained from such use, any decisions made or
actions taken in reliance thereupon or as to the performance thereof
(whether performed in whole, part or not at all); (ii) RI does not
guarantee the adequacy, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of Robust
Intelligence or any components or output thereof or that they will be
error free or free from computer viruses or other infirmity or
corruption, (iii) Robust Intelligence and all components thereof are
provided on an “as is” basis and Client’s use thereof is at Client’s
own risk.

## 8. Indemnification.

(a) **By Client**. Client shall, at its sole cost and expense, defend,
hold harmless and indemnify RI and its respective officers, directors,
employees, consultants, and agents (“**Indemnitees**”) from and
against all losses, liabilities, costs, damages and expenses,
including but not limited to reasonable legal fees and expenses
(collectively “**Losses**”), incurred or suffered by any of the
foregoing RI Indemnitees as a result of any third party claims,
actions or demands: (i) of infringement or violation of IPR arising
out of or in connection with the unauthorized use of Robust
Intelligence, including unauthorized modifications, or (ii) arising
out of or in connection with Client’s business that are not
attributable to Robust Intelligence.

(b) **By RI**. RI shall, at its sole cost and expense, indemnify,
defend and hold harmless Client Indemnitees against all Losses
incurred or suffered by any of them as a result of any third party
claims, actions or demands of infringement or violation of IPR arising
out of or in connection with the authorized use of the Robust
Intelligence in the format and manner delivered. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, RI shall have no liability to Client if the infringement
results from: (i) use of Robust Intelligence in combination with
software or hardware or network not provided by RI, provided that such
infringement would not have occurred but for the use Robust
Intelligence in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (ii)
Client’s unauthorized modifications of Robust Intelligence; (iii) use
of other than the latest version of Robust Intelligence as updated,
upgraded, enhanced or fixed through the date thereof, if such
infringement would have been avoided by use of the most current
version of such Update. The foregoing states the entire liability of
RI with respect to infringement of IPR by Robust Intelligence.

(c) **Process**. The indemnified Party shall provide the indemnifying
Party with prompt written notice and copies of relevant documentation
regarding any claim or action for which indemnification may be sought.
Failure to provide such notice shall not relieve the indemnifying
Party of its indemnification obligation except to the extent that such
failure materially disadvantages the indemnifying Party. If the
indemnifying Party fails to appoint an attorney within ten-(10)
business days after it has been notified in writing of any such claim
or action, the indemnified Party will have the right to select and
appoint an attorney and the reasonable cost and expense thereof will
be paid by the indemnifying Party. The indemnifying Party shall
control the defense of any such claim, provided however that it shall
not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment, unless
such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional
release of the relevant indemnitees from all liability arising out of
such claim or action, and is solely monetary in nature and does not
include a statement as to, or an admission of fault, culpability or
failure to act by or on behalf of, the relevant indemnitees or
otherwise adversely affect any of them. The indemnified Party shall
reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying Party in the defense
thereof at the indemnifying Party’s expense.

(d) **Additional** Actions. Without limiting RI’s indemnification
obligations hereunder, if Robust Intelligence is enjoined or if RI
believes it may be enjoined RI may elect, at its expense, either (i)
to procure for Client the right to continue to use it as permitted
hereunder, (ii) to modify it to make it non-infringing, or (iii) to
the extent applicable, replace it or its components with
non-infringing functionally equivalent materials, or if none of the
foregoing is commercially reasonable, terminate the Agreement and
refund on a pro-rata basis of the Fees paid by Client for the period
that Robust Intelligence was not available or usable.

## 9. Limits of Liability.

In no event, shall RI be liable hereunder for any indirect, special,
incidental, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, including
loss of profits, lost time or good will, even if it has been advised
of the possibility of such damages, whether in contract, tort, strict
liability or otherwise. Except for claims arising under or related to
intellectual property indemnification obligations, gross negligence,
willful misconduct, or death or bodily injury, in no event shall the
maximum cumulative liability of RI for any and all claims arising
under or related to this agreement, regardless of the form of action,
exceed, in the aggregate, the fees paid or payable by client to RI
under the Order Form for the twevle (12)-months preceding the claim.

## 10. Term and Termination.

(a) **Term**. This Agreement shall commence and continue in effect for
the period stated in the Order Form (“**Initial Term**”). Unless
otherwise indicated in the Order Form, the Agreement shall auto-renew
for additional one (1) year period (each “**Renewal Term**” and
together with the Initial Term, “**Term**”) unless Client provides a
ninety (90) days prior written notice that it does not wish the
Agreement to renew.

(b) **Termination for Material Breach**. In the case of a material
breach of any of the terms of this Agreement by a Party, the
non-defaulting Party may terminate this Agreement with thirty
(30)-days prior written notice and option to cure to the defaulting
Party.

(c) **Immediate Termination**. Either Party may terminate this
Agreement immediately upon notice for (i) violation of confidentiality
obligations or infringement of IPR, or (ii) if the other Party ceases
to conduct its business in the ordinary course, becomes legally
insolvent, makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of
creditors, suffers or permits the appointment of a receiver for its
business or assets or avails itself of or becomes subject to any
proceeding under the bankruptcy laws of any applicable jurisdiction

(d) **Effect of Termination**. Upon termination of this Agreement,
each Party shall, unless otherwise instructed by the other Party or
under this Agreement: (i) promptly cease all use of the Confidential
Information of the other Party, (ii) not later than thirty (30) days
following termination return (in a format requested by the Disclosing
Party by a secure file transfer) or destroy and remove from its
storage platform any and all systems, all versions and copies of the
materials and Confidential Information of the other Party and other
materials incorporating the Confidential Information, whether in
tangible or electronic form, including Robust Intelligence, except to
the extent a Party is required to retain such information to comply
with regulatory record keeping requirements which shall be subject to
ongoing confidentiality obligations and use restrictions. Upon
request, the Receiving Party shall certify to the Disclosing Party, in
writing, its compliance with this Section ‎10‎(d). The termination or
expiration of the Agreement shall not relieve Client from any payment
obligations with respect to Fees accrued during Term, whether or not
Client was billed for such Fees during such Term or thereafter.

## 11. Force Majeure.

Any delays in or failure of performance by RI shall not be considered
a breach of this Agreement if such delay or failure is caused by acts
of God, unforeseeable circumstances, acts (including a delay or
failure to act) of any governmental authority (de jure or de facto),
embargoes, strikes, labor disputes, riots, fire, floods, earthquakes,
wars (declared or undeclared) or other military action, terrorism,
sabotage, epidemics, pandemics, state of emergency, lockdowns, travel
bans, or other causes beyond RI’s reasonable control.

## 12. Miscellaneous.

(a) **Assignment**. Client may not assign, novate or otherwise
transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder
whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without RI’s prior written
consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; any
purported attempt to do so shall be null and void, except that Client
may assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder, in whole or in
part, either to its affiliates or in connection with a reorganization,
the sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or to a successor
entity as a result of a merger, acquisition or change of control that
is similar in nature, without RI’s prior written consent. Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

(b) **Independent Contractor**. RI and Client are independent
contractors with respect to each other and nothing herein shall create
an association, a joint venture, partnership or other agency
relationship between them.

(c) **Non-Solicitation**. During the Term and twenty-four (24) months
thereafter, Client shall not, directly or indirectly, alone or in
association with others, whether as owner, shareholder, partner,
investor, proprietor, manager, member, advisor, or agent or otherwise:
(i) contact or attempt to contact for the purposes, in whole or in
part, of offering employment or an engagement, any person who is or
was engaged by RI in the performance of it obligations hereunder
(“**Solicited Recruit**”), or (ii) hire or engage a Solicited Recruit
as the result of solicitation as described in (i) above. Failure to
honor this provision by Client could result in RI’s suffering
irreparable harm. Subsection (i) above does not include, and shall not
preclude, instances of Client communicating open positions to a
general job-seeking audience, such as descriptions of open
requisitions on a job board or Client’s website, or the hiring of an
employee of RI who responds to such general solicitation.

(d) **Equitable Relief**. In the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the provisions of this Agreement pertaining proprietary
rights and confidentiality obligations, the injured Party may have no
adequate remedy in money or damages and, accordingly, may seek an
injunction or other equitable remedy against such breach. Nothing
herein shall be construed as a waiver or prohibition against any other
legal or equitable remedies in the event of a breach of a provision of
this Agreement.

(e) **Construction and Interpretation**. The word ‘including’ shall be
deemed to mean ‘including but not limited to’ unless expressly set
forth to the contrary. The words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder”
and other words of similar import refer to the Agreement as a whole
and not to any subdivision contained in the Agreement unless expressly
stated to the contrary. Neutral pronouns and any variations thereof
shall be deemed to include the feminine and masculine and all terms
used in the singular shall be deemed to include the plural, and vice
versa, as the context may require. Terms denoting persons shall
include legal entities and vice versa. Terms having well-known
technical or trade meaning (e.g. “terms of art”) shall be used in
accordance with such recognized meanings. When used in the context of
a series of items the word “or” will be construed such that the series
may include any of the items, all of the items, or any combination of
the items. Where any provision in this Agreement refers to an action
to be taken by a Party, or which such Party is prohibited from taking,
such provision shall be applicable whether the action in question is
taken directly or indirectly by a Party.

(f) **Entire Agreement; Amendment**. This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement and understanding between the Parties regarding the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior discussions, proposals
and agreements between them relating thereto. This Agreement be
amended only in a writing, which makes express reference to this
Agreement and is signed by a duly authorized representative of each
Party. No other act, communication, representation, document, usage
custom or practice shall be deemed to modify or amend this Agreement.

(g) **No Waiver**. No failure or delay on the part of neither Party in
the exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right, power or remedy preclude other or further exercise
thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

(h) **Severability**. In the event that any court having competent
jurisdiction over the interpretation of this Agreement shall finally
determine that a provision in this Agreement shall be unenforceable in
any respect, then such provision shall be deemed limited and
restricted to the extent that such court shall deem it to be
enforceable, and, as so limited or restricted, shall remain in full
force and effect. In the event that any such provision or provisions
shall be deemed wholly unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed
deleted from this Agreement, and the remaining provisions shall remain
in full force and effect.

(i) **Governing Law**. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California,
without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws
to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable
by statute and would require or permit the application of the laws of
another jurisdiction, as to all matters, including matters of
validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies. In no event
shall this Agreement be governed by the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The Parties further
agree that UCITA, whether enacted in whole or in part by any state or
applicable jurisdiction, regardless of how codified shall not apply to
this Agreement and is hereby disclaimed. In connection with any
dispute between the Parties arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, each Party consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue
in the California state courts located in the County of San Francisco
and in the federal courts located in San Francisco.

(j) **Notices**. Notices shall be considered given on the date of
receipt, if delivered by hand, overnight courier or, if sent by
electronic means, upon receipt of confirmation or a reply which
includes the original message, and six (6) days after the date of
mailing, if mailed postage paid. Notices shall be given to each Party
at its address and marked to the attention of the person set forth in
the Order Form. A Party may change any such address by delivery of
written notice to the other Party.

(k) **Survival**. The provisions of the Agreement that by their nature
extend beyond the termination of the Agreement, will survive the
termination of the Agreement, including but not limited to the
following Sections: Section 3(b) (Audit), Section 4 (Proprietary
Rights), Section 5 (Confidentiality), Section 7 (Disclaimer), Section
8 (Indemnification), Section 9 (Limits on Liability), Section 10
(Effect of Termination), and this Section 12 (Miscellaneous).

(l) **No Presumptions**. In construing the terms of this Agreement, no
presumption shall operate in either Party’s favor as a result of its
counsel’s role in drafting the terms or provisions hereof.

(m) **Headings**. Section headings in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of any
provision of this Agreement.

(n) **Counterparts**. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument.
