# Versioning and compatibility

## Main product and SDK versioning

The Robust Intelligence main product (control plane, data plane, and
user interface ) and SDK follow a semantic versioning scheme with
three numbers indicating their major, minor, and patch version. The
SDK version you use must match your Robust Intelligence product
version number as shown in the Robust Intelligence UI.

When Robust Intelligence plans to end support for a product version,
we will notify you at least 13 months before support ends. When a new
version becomes available, its preceding version will be supported for
13 months to give you time to transition to the upgraded SDK. After
the transition period, the older version will be marked as deprecated
and removed.

## REST API versioning

See [API versioning](api_changelog.md#about-api-versions).

## Test results versioning

The results of validation tests you run in Robust Intelligence are
retrievable in their origin release and the two subsequent releases.
For example, a test that you generate on v2.1 will be retrievable on
v2.1, v2.2, and v2.3.

## Product updates and your data

### Robust Intelligence Cloud

For customers using the Robust Intelligence cloud-deployed service,
product updates are non-destructive with respect to your data. See the
[Upgrade Guide](../deployment/upgrade.rst) for instructions.

### Robust Intelligence On-Prem

For Robust Intelligence installations that you deploy on servers that
you manage, product updates are non-destructive with respect to your
data. Robust Intelligence software uses Kubernetes Persistent Volumes
for data storage. User records, Projects, Test Runs, and all other
data are saved in Persistent Volumes in the productâ€™s Kubernetes
cluster. Robust Intelligence updates are carried out by the
`helm upgrade` command, which does not modify persisted storage
resources like Persistent Volumes, so your data remains in place
during and after the upgrade. Unless an administrator manually
intervenes, these volumes are never deleted.

## Related Topics  
[Upgrade](../deployment/upgrade.rst)  
